1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
    - Man commands shows on the terminal the manual for that command, with usage and flags. Scroll using the arrow or enter key and "q" to exit.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
    - "-l" flag is used for showing content in list format
      "-a" flag is used to show all files (include ones starting with .)

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
    Shotcuts to move between words are Ctrl + Arrow keys

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
    Shortcut for end of the line is Ctrl + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
    Shortcut for beginning of the line is Ctrl + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
    Shortcut to delete a work is Ctrl + W, it will delete the work up to where the cursor is located. To delete the entire work make sure the cursos is in the very end.

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
    Terminal is the interface where commands can be used, shell is the actual application that will process the commands and interact with the kernel.

8. What is an absolute path?
    The absolute path indicates the location of a file or folder starting from teh root directory

9. What is an relative path?
    Relative path indicates the location of a file compared to the current location where the cursor is in the terminal.

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
    Flags are options or parameters passed to the commands in the terminal. Exemples are "ls -a" to show hiddle files, "rm -r" to delete a folder recursively, which included the folder content,
    and "ls --help" to print on teh terminal a manual of the command (ls in this case).

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
    The command rm is used to remove a file or directory, -r is used to indicate recursive, which is used to delete a directory that has files in it, all files and subfolder will be also deleted.
    f flag is used to "force" the operation and will skip confirmation prompts